Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V."
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Howdy, folks!
Welcome to the opening
ceremonies of
The Friendship Cup!
Give it up for the Master of
Faster, Jack Atlas!
Our hometown hero is here
and ready
to duel in an
exhibition match!
Entering stage left is the
dueltaining challenger,
Yuya Sakaki!
Can it be?
Let's duel!
I'm taking control of
this duel, starting now!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
I fuse Performapaltrump Girl and
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Taking center stage,
the one, the only...
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
I Xyz Summon!
Rank 4 Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon!
Three new summoning methods?
This is something my eyes
have never seen before.
I Synchro Summon!
Now rise, Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend!
Feel the heat, Yuya, of your
impending demise!
And now, Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend,
Molten Crimson Flare!
Aah!
Yuya!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action,
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
That was quite the victory
Jack Atlas lassoed in!
That battle was hotter than a
chili pepper milk shake
with hot sauce!
(girl)
You ruled that duel!
(boy)
That Yuya had no chance!
(boy #2)
Scarlet Dragon Archfiend
is the coolest!
(boy #3)
That's how it's done, Jack!
(boy #4)
You lapped that lap dog!
Ha ha!
Yes!
Jack Atlas is the man!
Right, Zuzu?
Yuya!
Guess not.
Yes, sir. Moving in.
Excuse me, please!
I have to get down there!
He needs me!
Yuya!
I lost.
Jack said he would beat me,
and he was right.
My best wasn't good enough.
Huh?
Yuya!
So out of shape.
Zuzu, don't burst
a blood vessel!
He'll be fine!
He took that landing
like a champ.
Get your hands off me!
Lay off the threads!
We're VIPs!
I think you top hats
better back off
or there's gonna be trouble.
(Security)
You're already in trouble.
We're Sector Security,
and you're under arrest.
You two got a date at
the Facility.
Stand down.
We act under strict orders from
the High Council
to place these two individuals
under our direct supervision.
And their orders outrank yours,
Sector Security.
What does the High Council
want with us?
Blast those
meddling old fools.
They will pay!
We apologize for Sector
Security's rash behavior.
You two are now under
the watchful eye
of the High Council.
We'll escort you to your
quarters now.
I'm not going anywhere until
you tell me how Yuya is!
Don't worry.
We take good care of all
Friendship Cup competitors.
(groaning)
Feels like I got hit with
a hammer.
More like a "Jack" hammer.
Man.
How embarrassing.
I gotta step up my game
if I don't want to get
stepped on again.
I mean,
I got crushed in the end.
Aah!
Jack beat me like it was
nothing.
Huh?
I don't know how I got here,
but someone deserves a tip
for this ocean view.
A thank you will suffice.
Huh?
Oh, please forgive me, Yuya.
It wasn't my intention to
startle you.
A knock would have
been nice!
Hey, your all see‐through.
(chuckles)
That's because we're all
holographic projections.
We're not technically here,
I'm afraid.
But we can all see you
and speak with you.
We keep a close eye on
all the competitors
in the Friendship Cup.
We want to make sure that all
the guests are comfortable,
So that they may focus on
preparing for their duels,
correct, Presider?
Correct.
You are in the penthouse
located at the very top
of the High Council's
headquarters.
I'm sure you'll find our
accommodations here
surpass those of even the most
luxurious 5‐star hotels.
It seems nice, I guess.
But where are all
my friends staying?
They are here as well.
Safe and sound.
(Azul) All of the 16 Friendship
Cup participants
will enjoy the same
amenities as you
for the duration of the
tournament.
(Boldo) However, you may only
remain in the lap of luxury
as long as you're in the
tournament.
(Azul)
If you lose, you will
be removed at once.
Guess that means I should pack
my bags since I lost to Jack.
(Boldo)
Your duel with Jack Atlas
was an exhibition match,
not a tournament match,
isn't that right, Presider?
Yes. So for now, at least,
this is still your home.
Next time, if you lose,
you must leave.
So I suggest you start
winning, young man,
Losing appeals
to no one.
Be smart and prepare yourself
for your next match.
It could be your last.
Huh? Wait!
I need to ask about Zuzu.
If Zuzu's gonna duel in
the Friendship Cup,
she must be in this building
somewhere, too.
It won't open.
(grunting)
Hey! Come on! I'm locked
in here! Let me out!
Hello?
Is anybody there?
Let me outta here!
(Gale) We have decided that you
will remain here
with the rest of the Lancers.
(Gray)
As you are aware,
Director Roget
looks upon you as a possible
threat to our city.
As long as you are under our
supervision,
security has no jurisdiction
within these walls.
The Friendship Cup
cannot be compromised.
Isn't that right, Presider?
Yes.
While you may find our facility
a wee bit cramped,
since you are not competing
feel free
to move about as you wish in
this building.
I thank you for your
hospitality.
I, too, am concerned about
the tournament.
The last thing I would want to
happen is for the Lancers
to not be able to prove
themselves worthy.
(buzzing)
Huh?
Ah! Now this is living!
I wonder what the thread count
is for these sheets.
They're unbelievable.
I could really
get used to this.
My Odd‐Eyes and Yuto's Dark
Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
Ever since I dueled Yuto,
I felt like these dragons were
drawn to each other,
like there was some form of
connection between them.
I mean, it couldn't be a
coincidence
that Yugo's Clear Wing Synchro
Dragon showed up, too, could it?
Can it be that
these two dragons
are sensing Yugo's dragon
right now?
So if Yugo's nearby, then Zuzu
must be, too!
Zuzu, it's me, Yuya!
Can you hear me?!
I've travelled a gazillion
miles to find you and bring you
home!
And I'm not alone,
your friends came, too!
Gong's here and so is Dennis.
And Celina came with us,
even though she's been a
grumplepants!
Your dad, Frederick, Ally,
Tate, my mom,
they can't wait to see you
again!
That's why I swear I won't
give up 'til I find you.
And I'm gonna use my dueltaining
skills to stop all the fighting
and make people smile
in every dimension!
Listen up, Yuya.
You call yourself
a duelatiner.
Well, here's my review.
Your performance was abysmal.
Mediocre at best.
And I'm gonna bring
the curtain down on you!
Was Jack right? Was my
performance abysmal?
Maybe I'm not actually
the dueltainer I thought I was.
Maybe my skills won't
make a difference.
My bracelet is glowing again.
And the only time that happens
is when Yuya is around.
I hope.
Jack took everything
I threw at him.
Mauling Mandible Charge!
Go, Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Attack Jack Atlas directly!
(roaring)
Surprised?
Well, I'm not!
Because I got the hang of Action
Duels quicker than you expected!
With the Action Spell Evasive
Evasion,
I not only got to summon
a Token,
but I also got to stop
your attack!
Seems you're not the only man
of action around here, Yuya!
Nice, but since I used Trump
Girl to Fusion Summon Rune‐Eyes,
Rune‐Eyes gets
to attack twice!
Rune‐Eyes, attack his Token!
I activate the trap
Reject Reborn!
It slams the brakes on
your monster's attack!
(thinking)
Jack could have played that
card way earlier
on Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
to stop me
from attacking for the entire
turn, but he didn't.
He decided to take damage
instead
and pretend like he was
in trouble.
(roaring)
But it was all for show.
Reject Reborn
also destroys my Token,
but I get to bring back two
monsters from my graveyard!
And that's too bad for you!
That's not good.
Not for you it's not!
I blocked two attacks,
so rise again,
Red Wyvern and Red Resonator!
(Yuya)
Then it was time for him
to put on a real show to get
the crowd fired up.
(Jack)
Now from the ancient chasms
of a lost world,
I awake a great and terrible
power.
I Synchro Summon!
Now rise, Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend!
And with its arrival will come
your end,
because thanks to Scarlight Red
Dragon Archfiend,
I can destroy
all your monsters,
and then you take 500 points
of damage
for each one that perished by
its flames!
Feel the heat, Yuya,
of your impending demise!
And now, Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend,
attack Yuya directly
then end this!
Molten Crimson Flare!
Aah!
(groans)
(thinking) Jack had Reject
Reborn since his first turn,
so he could use it
any time he wanted.
He was playing with me
the whole time,
and the crowd ate it up.
I thought I was the one
who was supposed
to be entertaining the crowd,
but it was him all along.
And I call myself a dueltainer?
I couldn't be more wrong.
Everything my dad taught me
about dueling,
making people smile,
making sure to have fun,
I forgot it all
because winning
was more important than
losing to Jack.
How will I ever use my
dueltaining skills
to make people smile if I can't
even keep myself smiling
when I come face to face with a
duelist like Jack?
Huh?
What's that?
A card?
Where'd you come from?
(knocking)
Who's there?
Look, I know you're out there,
I can hear your knees knocking.
Uh...
It's me.
Me who?
Your escort from yesterday.
Remember?
(Yuya)
What's your name?
It's Sam.
Sam, why'd you
give me this card?
So that when you win
the Friendship Cup,
and duel Jack again,
you can tell him that he can
keep his lousy, no‐good card!
The big day is finally here.
The Friendship Cup is ready to
get roaring!
With over 200,000 fans
jam‐packed into this here arena,
it shows the city can come
together like grits and gravy!
(cheering, yelling)
All righty, folks, my
producer's are telling me
it's go‐time.
So without further ado, let's
jump right into things!
The city is one and we're here
for fun!
Because we're all friends!
(cheering)
So, why do you want me to give
this card back to Jack?
'Cause he's the master
of meanies!
At least he is now.
(Sam)
Jack used to be the one person
who gave us Commons hope.
He was born and raised in the
same slums we were.
Then, when he made it all the
way to the Friendship Cup
and he started burning up the
competition
and taking down Topsiders,
he was our hero.
Then three years ago, he won
the whole tournament.
He was the first champ to come
from Commons.
I was so happy to see him on
that throne.
But, but after that,
Jack changed.
He changed how?
(crowd cheering)
Howdy hey, you all!
Now, let's start this rodeo!
Time for this 'lil ol' gal to
intro the 16 duelists
in this year's Friendship Cup
Tournament.
So here we go!
In yesterday's match,
old Jack
called this tenderfoot
a dueling dud.
Now, after getting' creamed
into corn grits,
can the young buck make a
comeback?
Here's Yuya Sakaki!
(laughing)
That poor kid
was a major fail.
It was adorable how
he tried to keep up, though.
When Jack became champion,
he stopped hanging out
with us Commons.
He became an instant
celebrity.
His face was everywhere.
The Topsiders threw him
lavish parties
and showered him with riches.
It was almost like
he loved it
and totally forgot
where he came from.
But I was still
his biggest fan,
until that one day...
There he is!
I can't believe it!
Yo, Jack!
(man)
Get back!
Get off the carpet, kid!
Mr. Atlas, I'm so sorry,
he just...
Mr. Atlas, I've been your fan
since, like, forever!
I'm a Common, like you,
and I just wanted to say
how super psyched I am
to talk to you in real life
and not pretend.
I want to be the next
Master of Faster someday.
Only problem is I've been a
little slow at getting cards.
But someday soon,
I'll have a deck,
and I'm gonna be good enough
to be just like you
and be a champ!
Really?
How about you take this
as a starter?
It's absolutely perfect
for you.
(Yuya)
He gave you this card?
Yeah.
It has no attack
or defense points.
It's, like,
the weakest card ever!
The one he said
was perfect for me!
A common, nothing card for
a Common, nothing kid!
I can't stand him now!
As soon as he got rich, he sold
out and became a Topsider!
Jack forgot all about us Commons
and where he came from!!
So he's a traitor,
just like Crow said.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Shinji Weber isn't the only
Common in this tourney,
so is the highflying
freebird, Crow Hogan!
Will either of
these two become
another champion from
Commons, like Jack?
You know,
I'd almost forgotten.
Jack came from those ghastly
Commons, didn't he?
That may be, but so long
as Jack keeps winning,
he's a Topsider in my books!
Jack Atlas! That lousy traitor
turned his back on us Commons!
Hey!
Zip it, pal!
You know Jack's still a Common,
through and through.
He's a traitor!
No, he's not!
(crowd arguing, yelling)
(Sam)
Now that Jack's become
a Topsider,
he acts like he's better than
everybody else
Some think that's he still one
of us Commons and cheer him on.
But not me.
I want you to beat him, Yuya!
Beat him for me and all the
Commons he abandoned!
But why me, Sam?
Because you know how I feel,
Yuya?
(Yuya)
Jack said he would beat me,
and he was right.
My best wasn't good enough.
(Sam)
Losing to him must've made
you so sad and angry.
That's how he makes me feel
every single day of my life.
Yeah.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
And there you have our
16 competitors
for this year's
Friendship Cup!
I'm trying to talk here!
Don't y'all fight!
Let's remember the theme
of this tournament:
The city is one,
and we've all gotten together
to have some fun!
(crowd arguing, yelling)
Come on, people,
work with me here!
Work with me!
'Cause now, it's
finally time
for the long‐awaited
Friendship Cup to begin!
And the first dustup's
gonna be between
Crow Hogan and
Gong Strong!
(thinking)
After what happened to Yuya,
Gong's gonna show 'em
what us Lancers can do!
(thinking)
I'm dueling for you.
'Cause when I win, you win!
Jack's watching,
right?
Yes.
(thinking)
I'm gonna teach that traitor
that ditching us Commons
was the biggest mistake
of his life!
(thinking)
The tournament's finally
starting.
I believe in you, Yuya.
I know you can beat Jack if you
get a second chance,
but I know getting that chance
isn't going to be easy.
(thinking)
Sam wants me to give this card
back to Jack when I duel him.
But can I even get to Jack?
I have to win
the Friendship Cup first,
and that's a long road to
travel.
Because I haven't proven
that I can win,
but I have proven that
I can lose.
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪